Lauren Kelly: Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, what's happening.
Lauren Kelly: Can you hear me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Okay.
Lauren Kelly: And thank you for finding time for me. Um,
Lauren Kelly: I just like, did my makeup some really good and try not to cry because I'm like a dentist appointment after run out to but I'm
Lauren Kelly: I'm
Lauren Kelly: So as you know, like everything has been super great like better than ever, no drama. No anything. So, um, last night, so he was visiting like the kids and stuff. Yesterday for a couple hours and he came back and he brought stuff, you know, just like I had asked him to and
Lauren Kelly: We were it was maybe like I don't know 20 minutes after he had gotten home and we were talking about. I'm just like, you know, are days and whenever, and he said something really depressing happened when I was there and and you know I'm like what, and he tells me that
Lauren Kelly: These like is f x had like pulled him into a room and told him how like that their kids are like really worried about this coronavirus you know like kids are like freaked out about it, you know, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then that
Lauren Kelly: Um, I guess she has a couple of like pre existing conditions, so the kids are convinced that and their two little girls. So they've always been like way closer to their mom than to him and like
Lauren Kelly: You just like that was one of the problems when he was there. Like, no matter what he did to try to like connect with them. They just always wanted their mom and like
Lauren Kelly: No matter how hard you try to do anything. It was like he would get home and they would like go upstairs to get away from him, basically. And he just felt like so disconnected or whatever but
Lauren Kelly: So they've always been like their mom is their favorite person and whatever. So the his two kids are coming. Like if their mom gets it she's going to die or something so
Lauren Kelly: I guess his oldest Maddie, who's like a freshman in high school is 50 and said, Mom, if you get the coronavirus. I'm just going to kill myself because Daddy doesn't love me anymore. And like as soon as he said that I'm like I already know where this is going.
Lauren Kelly: He's going to go back, like I already know.
Lauren Kelly: And like I was just silent, and he was like crying, and he was telling me this. And I'm like, you're getting back like I know you are and
Lauren Kelly: He's like saying like these things like I'm here now, like what it like not telling me, he's not going to go back just like, Well, I'm here. You know, I came home and like, you know, and I'm like, Yeah, but I know you and you're gonna go back and
Lauren Kelly: Like, then he tried to like turns up the TV like not times icon, just like watch this movie with me or something and I was just like,
Lauren Kelly: To try to do that for like 15 minutes and I just couldn't do it. And I was like, Paul, I need you to be honest with me right now like
Lauren Kelly: Are you going to go back in and he's like, I don't know.
Lauren Kelly: And
Lauren Kelly: Like
Lauren Kelly: I've worked so hard to get to this point, like
Lauren Kelly: Like in through so much to get here. Like all we've been talking about since I've been back is like
Lauren Kelly: Like marriage and our future and like
Lauren Kelly: Everything that like we were building in everything that we wanted. And like
Lauren Kelly: For him to tell me
You froze.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think your iPod went down.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Lauren
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She got froze. She'll be back. I will start recording again when she comes back.
Lauren Kelly: Hey, I don't know that only happens when I'm talking to you. For some reason, I don't know. It doesn't happen in group. It doesn't happen any other time always with you, but it just shuts down. I don't know. But, um,
Lauren Kelly: I went on my walk and I came back and I just said, Like what, what do you want me to do. And he was like, just just come to bed like just, you know, above and I'm like,
Lauren Kelly: Are you fucking kidding me like you just want me to go to bed and like
Lauren Kelly: Sleep in your own rooms all night and like wake up and not know if that was the last night and like not know if you're because he the kids needed help. She like his ex had like some
Lauren Kelly: conference calls all day today or something, she had to do so that because he had help with homework. So he was going to go over there today.
Lauren Kelly: Anyways, and I'm like, so I'm just supposed to like just live my day and just go about things, normal, not knowing if like you come home today and say, yep. I'm going back there like
Lauren Kelly: You literally expect me to live like that. Like, I can't live like that it will kill me like I don't sleep. I don't eat. I like it makes me want to use like I
Lauren Kelly: I can't fuck you live like that. And that was basically his answer was, like, and he's like, trying to kind of backpedal like
Lauren Kelly: No, just forget what you said that, like, I'm sorry, like I'm not going anywhere. I'm here, you know, but like I just got this really heavy thing dropped on me and you know I have a responsibility to these girls.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And she froze again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, we will wait
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Start Recording again when she logs back on.
Lauren Kelly: Okay, I'm calling on my phone. Now, I don't know what the hell is going on there but um yeah basically
Lauren Kelly: He apologized and tried to backpedal and like it's just like, you know, I just got this really heavy thinking dropped on me and like you know I have a responsibility of these girls like
Lauren Kelly: You know she didn't ask to be brought in this world in like for me to just, you know, just makes you realize like, how much destruction. I've caused
Lauren Kelly: It's like, I feel the same way. Am I supposed to be like, No, stay with me and have your little girl be suicidal because of it. Like, I don't know what to do other than to like pack up and move out today. Like, I don't know what to do.
Lauren Kelly: And he says that's not what he wants me to do, but like, how am I supposed to just live wondering if today's the date. Like, I can't fucking do that like
Lauren Kelly: It'll hurt me to be apart from him so much but like
Lauren Kelly: I I think it'll hurt me more to stay and not know every day. If I can come in. You're going like I've been through so much of that with him already. And we were just such a good place and like
Lauren Kelly: Planning our future. And then this happens like I can't, I can't live like that. And I just, I don't know if I'm overreacting. I don't know if, like, I'm running. I don't know if I'm doing catastrophic thinking, I don't know what I'm doing but like
Lauren Kelly: I just can't, like, go to bed every night just like hoping today isn't the day, something happens, where he decides to go back, like, and I told him that he said your answer can't ever be. I don't know. Like, I can't let you live like that.
Lauren Kelly: So I don't know, I just felt like I needed to talk to you because I don't know what to do. But everything in me is a grab your shit. And it's like, oh, and
Lauren Kelly: Like a friend is moving out of his place in like less like three weeks. So I'll have that garage for, like, you know, maybe two more weeks before I'm on the street, but like
Lauren Kelly: So like I have somewhat of an option right now but
Lauren Kelly: I don't know what else to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, don't run
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you don't know what the outcome is going to be and
Lauren Kelly: I can't live with the insured, even if it is this time, you know, I thought about it, and I'm going to stay. Then, when's the next time somebody says something to him. Like, I can't
Lauren Kelly: Like I needed him to be like, you know, I'll go to counseling with her, you know, like she and I will do counseling. We'll figure something out. You know what I mean, like,
Lauren Kelly: Not and it's like, you know, part of me is thinking, you know, his ex wife doesn't have coronavirus she's not dying. So it's like that. It's not even going to get to that, you know, like
Lauren Kelly: In time just to know like it's that easy for him to be like, I don't know, like I can't live like that Rebecca like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, okay. So I want you to think about something. Okay. First off,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're, you're talking about 15 year old girl.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Who is that catastrophic thinking already going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Herself right you know the best thing for him to do right now is to really spend a lot of quality time with that that little girl and reassure her that no matter what he's going to be there. That's the best thing that he could do to reassure her. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Lauren Kelly: If I go there every day. He's been trying to do everything, and she basically said like Daddy doesn't love me anymore. Daddy wouldn't take care of me. Like, that's her book she honestly believes that like
Lauren Kelly: You would just care about me and not hurt like I don't know how he can change that like I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It takes time, but he can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's just got to be willing to put in the work with his daughter.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now I want you to, you know, think about this. Because yes, he had this this dropped on him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But that doesn't necessarily mean that that's what he's you know PLANNING ON DOING AND OF COURSE, YOU KNOW, HE WOULD THINK MAYBE I SHOULD GO BACK. I mean that's that's logical when you're a parent, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's, you know, am I, you know, how am I going to fix this with my kid, and at the same time live my life and be happy with a woman that I love.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So he's in a really, really tough spot and not that he's trying to choose, you know you over her her over you at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I'm sure right now he's trying to figure out how he can make it better with his daughter and reassure his daughter. This isn't about you know him wanting to be with you. This isn't about any of that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you should. I think that you should sit still for 24 hours just sit still.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's see what happens, go to the dentist, do what you need to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let him, you know, spend time with his daughter today and see what happens. Just give him the 24 hours.
Lauren Kelly: I
Lauren Kelly: I like can't do that. Like, I can't do this limbo is my entire life, about to be destroyed or not. Like that's worse to me than just running and and
Lauren Kelly: And not having to live that way. Like, I can't, like, I give this man, my heart and soul every day. I can't do that, knowing that it it can just come home and it can all be gone in one fucking second like I can't live like that like the stress of that will fucking kill me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The stress is going to be, you're right, it's going to be horrible. I'm not going to say that it's not going to be, you know, there's no right answer. There's no easy answer to this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But what I know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is that if you pack your stuff and you run today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a surety right it's a sure you've made your choice up for your relationship.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I want you to think about it in those terms sit still for 24 hours and give him an opportunity
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then tomorrow. Tomorrow, if he comes tonight. And he says, This is what I'm doing, you know if he's still unsure, then by all means, then, pack your stuff and move, but just just sit for 24 hours till tomorrow morning.
Lauren Kelly: But I feel like anything you could say to me, would it matter now like like what if
Lauren Kelly: Even if it is no I'm staying. I want you to stay like to me that just fall so flat because the true answer was, like, I don't know. And when's the next thing that comes that that she says something he doesn't like and. Oh, I gotta go back, like I
Lauren Kelly: I can only build a life with someone if, like, I know that they're
Lauren Kelly: In it with me 100% like I can't do it when you're one foot in the door, one foot out and I feel like that's how it's been this whole fucking time and I said that Toby. So that's really unfair.
Lauren Kelly: Of me to say to him, and that's really unfair and I'm like this is like an unfair to me to like to expect me to just go to bed every night and wake up like everything's fine. Knowing my entire world can be shattered in like one fucking minute and I
Lauren Kelly: It's just like, what, what could he say to me tonight. You know what I mean, just, Oh, it went well. They're like, I think I'm going to stay and I'm supposed to say yea. He thinks he's going to stay. Oh, I'm so happy. Let me get to put my heart and soul into this like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You already have put your heart into it. And that's the thing. It's already there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, you know, this is a tough, tough tough situation.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to first off you know that
Lauren Kelly: I gotta leave it a lot easier. Like, I'm not sitting there being like, like number ones that I have made him choose like even after
Lauren Kelly: Him going back and forth. And like we having those
Lauren Kelly: Those insecurities. I'm still want 100% supported him.
Lauren Kelly: Go in there to be with his kids and like I understand that with what's going on in the world right now. He can't like take them out to pizza and be away from the house, pretty much the only option is for him to be in that house. You know what I mean, like,
Lauren Kelly: All supported that I've never asked him to come on, really. I've always lived in stay as long as you need. If you're having a good time with those girls you stay and you have a great time.
Lauren Kelly: Even though there's a lot of insecurity there. I've been such an adult about it and like
Lauren Kelly: You know, even though. Yeah, I told you like last week when he was there for like six hours that I didn't hear from him. I'm spiraling but I do that to myself. I didn't like what him know I was doing that. I didn't freak out on him or anything like
Lauren Kelly: I have never made him feel bad. So it's not about like a choice to pick me over hurt like it's not about that, but it's it's
Lauren Kelly: I feel like I should make this easier on him and just, you know, like he's already got one foot in that door like why don't why don't I just leave so he can put the other one, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got to you because you're taking away his, his right to choose by doing that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're taking away his, his right to figure out how he can his daughter can be okay and him have the love of his life.
Lauren Kelly: So I'm just supposed to live forever with, like, I don't know if I'm saying, or going, I don't know, like, how do you put in a future with that, like, how do you
Lauren Kelly: Give like work so hard to give everything you have to be like the best version of yourself for this person and like just have them. I don't know. I don't know. It's like Wednesday next thing that somebody says that all of a sudden he doesn't know again like I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Here's the thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With this morning.
Lauren Kelly: In and I just feel so fucking stupid like like how did I not info, this was gonna happen like I'm so fucking dumb, like
Lauren
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Lauren that is catastrophic thinking right there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I want to correct you know correct you on something in the beginning you started doing this for your relationship, but somewhere along the line you started doing this for you.
Lauren Kelly: Then why do I feel like I want to just use so fucking bad right now. Like, it's all I can think about right now. Like, I just want to go like us and not have to feel this right now because it hurts so bad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It does her because of the injury and I get that. Very much so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And of course, that's the first thing that you're you know that your mind is going to tell you to do. Nobody wants to be hurt or feel pain, nobody
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you just got moved back in there.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got to think about how you want this to pull out, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Obviously I know how to play I want him to to
Lauren Kelly: Be gentle with his kid and and you know figure it out without ruining our fucking life just because you know a kid said something dramatic, you know, like
Lauren Kelly: That's what I want. But it doesn't really matter what I want, what matters is how this kid fills in in him, you know, anyway. Oh, his obligation and responsibility there. And so I shouldn't know like being with this guy. Like I just I just just shouldn't know like
Lauren Kelly: I just feel so fucking stupid.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you're not. You're not.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're not you gay you're giving an opportunity to somebody that you love.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know what I want to point something out. We don't know if we even have tomorrow. We don't know if we have the next day. We just don't know life is not a guarantee at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right you know that
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, but I need to know his hearts in it. I know that either of us could walk out the door and get in a car accident die like I'm aware of that. But like
Lauren Kelly: That's the stuff we can't control as far as the stuff that we can control goes like I need to know that he's in this as much as I am like I've sacrificed a lot for this like
Lauren Kelly: I've done so much for this like I've worked so hard for this. Like, I can't
Lauren Kelly: I can't be the only one in 100% and have him in 6040 and I'm lucky because I've got that extra 10 on them. You know what I can. And I'm wondering for the rest of my life when it's going to go to, you know, they've got 51 and I've got 49 and then he's out the door like I
Lauren Kelly: That's that i i can't live with that insurance. Like, I can't go to bed every night and wake like I didn't sleep at all. Last night I woke up in the middle. And I like three times just crying like I
Lauren Kelly: I haven't eaten. I, I guarantee I won't eat for days. Like I just and it's not a choice. It's that I can't like
Lauren Kelly: I just, I don't. I mean like when I was a kid, I was told I like feel things deeper than other people. Like I there's times I used to use just so I didn't kill myself like
Lauren Kelly: It's like that. That's almost like where I'm at, like, I feel like I'm either gonna use or do something bad. So I got better that I use, you know, like it but I can't like feel what I'm feeling right now. Like it just
Lauren Kelly: I just like me to know me, I can't, I can't feel this like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can't numb it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because that doesn't get you anywhere either that just adds more, you know, more wreckage on top of what's going on already.
Lauren Kelly: But it was
Lauren Kelly: A meal out now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It might not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You might not remember that you're, you know, you're on Suboxone Suboxone covers your receptors that the opioids attached to in doing that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You would have to take a hell of a lot to knock those off and it feel anything from us.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that puts you at high risk for OD
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Listen there one
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You started doing this whole, this whole thing for your relationship.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In the end, it's about doing this whole thing for Lauren
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And yeah, who wouldn't not want to feel. Who wouldn't want to, I mean, good lord. Nobody wants to have their heartbroken and be living on surely I get that 100%
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But this can't be your go to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Every time something happens.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That makes sense.
Yes.
Lauren Kelly: Sorry, I'm sorry. There was are you there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, yes.
Lauren Kelly: Are you there was like a call coming in and then a blackout. Sorry, I just for it. It was my dentist.
Lauren Kelly: I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go to your dentist.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do what you need to do today 24 hours. That's all I'm suggesting
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 24 hours if you're still unclear in the morning, then by all means.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But what you're doing by sitting in for 24 hours not using
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: giving him the opportunity
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, is you're not running you're doing things different.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That make sense.
Lauren Kelly: What, what would I need him to do to stay like whoa, what am I looking for because right now it feels like anything he said or did would just be like,
Lauren Kelly: In fall I would fall flat on me, like, what, what would be an appropriate answer that would make me want to stay here. Like, I don't know what that looks like. I don't know what that is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Possibly making suggestions for ways that he can, you know, work with his daughter through this whole thing. That's what you're looking for, that's what you want him to come to his own conclusion and read, you know, conclusion about is that he can work, you know, with his daughter with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know his ex wife support on this whole thing to make it better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know if they're working as a team for the girls, then that's exactly what she's gonna do
That makes sense.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, but I mean she hates him, she's not really trying to work as a team. I think anything he does, it's going to be like something he has to really push for it on his own, or not.
Lauren Kelly: They're not working as a team, but
Lauren Kelly: So I don't know. So if he comes home and tells me, hey, I thought of the things I can do to make this work. And then I stay and if he comes home and doesn't say that. Then I go like it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would ask him, you know, what are we doing, I need to know because if you're going to act. I mean, you just have to be true to yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And tell him you know if you're unsure. And if you're still unsure, and you there's still a possibility. Then I've got to secure myself. I've got to make sure that I'm protected.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I need to do something, you know for myself and, you know, give him the opportunity see right now. He's probably already expecting you to be a rotten to have right you know ran out the door.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, he asked me before he left. Are you going to be here when I get home. And I said, I don't know.
Lauren Kelly: Then he cried he hugged me and cried and then love
Lauren Kelly: knows it.
Lauren Kelly: So yeah, he's definitely expected me to not be here is definitely it expected me to not be here when you get to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So for for this one day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do something different.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just this one time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 24 hours.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go to the dentist.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do what you need to do. Do what your original plan was pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then just see just 24 hours.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Once that that helps you start doing something different.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doesn't make sense.
Okay.
Lauren Kelly: It's gonna be really fucking hard. Okay, I'll do my best.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's gonna be hard. I'm not going to say it's easy, there is nothing on like worth having. That's easy to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that with recovery. You know that with relationships. You know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 24 hours.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And now what I want you to do is check in with me at some point tomorrow and let me know one way or the other, what you're doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, can you do we do that. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See tomorrow's Thursday. I don't care what time you check in just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell them that you need to speak to me for a few minutes. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We do that well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go to your dentist Dr safe.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 24 hours.
Lauren Kelly: You can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Give them an opportunity. OK.
Lauren Kelly: OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK, so I will talk to you tomorrow. Pray, go to the dentist. Don't use
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get out of that that thought process because it wouldn't help anything anyways.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: might not feel for a moment. But the wreckage that it's going to cause is going to be catastrophic. It's going to be 10 times worse if you if you go down that road.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: Okay.
Lauren Kelly: All right, thank you. I appreciate it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anytime 24 hours and I'll talk to you tomorrow. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Holy cow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi. Hi, how are you
Good.
Michelle Espinoza: Yesterday, I had a bad day.
Michelle Espinoza: It was a really bad day from yesterday was my dad's anniversary and
Michelle Espinoza: I just thought about him a lot yesterday, but I got to see my mom. And once I saw my mom, my competitor.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good.
Michelle Espinoza: Good. So yeah, they went out to a degree, but I didn't want to go.
Michelle Espinoza: I was enough to do in our cars. I don't know. Just was enough.
Michelle Espinoza: But other than that, I think you're right. I guess I mean I'm stuck at home. Really don't go nowhere, just to my daughters and see my grandkids and back here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you feeling
Michelle Espinoza: I'm just like, tired. I really haven't been seeking a good REALLY AM TIRED. Yeah.
Michelle Espinoza: I mean, just so much that's been going through my head. You know, I lost my cousin, we're really close, then my dad's anniversary came up and then I talked to
Michelle Espinoza: We couldn't do trauma yesterday because I wasn't, I was not feeling up to it, but we stay talking on the phone for a while.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How do you like her.
Michelle Espinoza: She's, she's really nice. I mean, the first time we did it. I thought really relieved. It was like, I don't know.
Michelle Espinoza: Like somebody came out of my bodies, I, I totally could have went to sleep while I was at my daughter's house so my grandkids will let me do that.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, it was like she gave me some pointers of like when I get anxiety, what to do and stuff, but just this whole week. I mean, last week, and then, you know, my dad's anniversary. It was just, I was so miserable last week.
Michelle Espinoza: You know, I mean, I even want to do group or anything, but I'm like, you know, get your butt up and you got to do it.
Michelle Espinoza: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, but
Michelle Espinoza: I didn't drink.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See it just shows you know right there shows you that you're, you have the capability, even when you're going through tough times, not to reach her a drink.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, I mean an anniversary of your dad's death. That's a tough scenario. I mean, big time. It is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And all the feelings come up
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, all the feelings come up, you know, the last isms up
Michelle Espinoza: repeats itself, you know, just like
Michelle Espinoza: He died and you know he had that suffered a lot he were he was strong man.
Michelle Espinoza: You know he he was spin sick. All his life he had sugar, diabetes, high blood pressure reading, you name it. He had it, but he worked really hard for me, my brothers and sisters, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you bring
Michelle Espinoza: Up is was amazing. Like he brought us up to the best ability and I wish I could have brought my kids up at the ranch. The way we were brought up because it's so different, because of respect and like now these kids don't even have respect nowadays, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know
Michelle Espinoza: It's I'm just tired. That's all you know I got up and I got ready been just cleaning sanitizing every little file.
Michelle Espinoza: Well, that's it. I mean,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're feeling better. You're looking better.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, I, I feel better today, you know,
Michelle Espinoza: Want to go see my mom probably known a while but I'm just like, I couldn't sleep last night, I just tossed and turned and just have a lot of my mind, I guess, I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What else is going on. What else do you have on your mind.
Michelle Espinoza: Just everything and just all this stuff going on.
Michelle Espinoza: It's just scary like people are taking it serious at first it was just like a joke and stuff. And now it's like I lost somebody to it. So now that I mean, it makes my whole perspective differently than everybody else because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Michelle Espinoza: You know it hasn't happened to them. And then my dad and
Michelle Espinoza: Easter coming up. And then my daughter's I mean my daughter's birthday. And then my daughter's birthday and then somebody can get together.
Michelle Espinoza: As my friend that I've been. I've been with my family, you know,
Yeah.
Michelle Espinoza: I mean, I'm sure we're still going to do something, but
Michelle Espinoza: I don't know, I just, I'm a kind of person, though, when I start thinking about something to just stay stuck in my head for a while and it takes a while for it to go away, I guess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, remember that you're grieving.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Remember,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that this is a process, and I know it sucks, but when you, when those emotions come up. You got to let them come out. You got to process them like you're doing, you can't stuff and then you know there's going to be good days and there's going to be bad days, you know, always
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Especially, you know, with the grieving process, my gosh, she could be driving down the road and a memory come to your brain, and boom, you know you're in tears. I mean, it's just part of the process, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you can think of ingenious ways, you know that you can get with your family, you know, there's always zoom you can have a zoom birthday you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know what I mean if you have to, you know what I mean improvise and find different ways that you guys can still connect and be together, you know, that doesn't put anybody in you know at risk for anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's options for that.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah i mean i i try to keep myself busy and stuff, but it's just really hard, you know,
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, I was really close with my daughter. I was really, really close with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and that's a, that's a big, huge, huge, huge loss. Yes.
Michelle Espinoza: You know, it was. And then he passed away on Easter to seven years ago it was Easter so
Michelle Espinoza: But I mean, I just been crying and just
Michelle Espinoza: Letting it out like he said, and
Michelle Espinoza: just tired. I just wish I could just sleep for a whole day you know
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, my brains just
Michelle Espinoza: Going
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so what, tell me, what is it that your brain is going on. Is it going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Memories.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, oh yeah.
Michelle Espinoza: We. Oh yeah, we have a lot of good memories of my father.
A lot
Michelle Espinoza: Good just growing up, you know, metal and stuff.
Uh huh.
Michelle Espinoza: Oh, no.
Good.
Michelle Espinoza: I don't want to think too much. You know, I don't want my brand or
Michelle Espinoza: fall into that category very much cuz
Michelle Espinoza: I'm just trying to take it a day at a time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Funny, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's funny how our brain will add things on. Okay, so it's it's stressed out and you're going through this grieving process for your dad, then this happens.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then it progresses on two birthdays and Easter's and what am I going to do. And you know what I mean it, it makes you feel overwhelmed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With I'm sure it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know with anxiety with stress over over everything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The core issue is your loss and the anniversary
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, so those two things right there. When you find your mind going on to what's going to happen as far as Easter goes, what's going to happen you know think resolution thoughts. Well, we could do this or we could do this or how
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and try to get your mindset for those things that haven't happened yet in a resolute loot of state. The other to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Michelle, you just gotta, you gotta agree that you got to walk through it. You got to feel those feelings so that they can come out and you can be relieved of all of that pain that you've been holding in, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when you can sleep, sleep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. You know when you can cry cry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Michelle Espinoza: I'm tired.
I know
What anymore.
Michelle Espinoza: But like, I don't know. I'm just, I'm just exhausted. Like I said, I'm really tired.
Michelle Espinoza: I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sorry, gotta go to get some sleep.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to get some rest.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because that with you know enough for us.
Michelle Espinoza: I have my anxiety stuff that I was going to take to
Michelle Espinoza: Okay, good. Yeah, I was gonna put some underneath my tongue down a minute. Well, yeah, I'm just, that's it. You know, I'm just tired and
Michelle Espinoza: overwhelmed with everything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And some odd.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, I mean, I think if all the way yesterday would have probably been a lot worse. So I'm glad I stayed home.
Yeah.
Michelle Espinoza: You know, so that was a good one for me and then I got to see my mom, which was very good.
Michelle Espinoza: So I like I got a relief when I saw my mom. It was just, you know, she hugged me and she's wearing a shirt that said, you know, loving memory of my dad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Yeah.
Michelle Espinoza: My mom. She's such a strong me. I wish I was like her.
Michelle Espinoza: You'd have here one day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's honoring them right
Michelle Espinoza: Oh yeah, she was. She likes she don't let us quit my mom's not a quitter. You know she's she has you know Jesus Christ in her heart and
Michelle Espinoza: She believes in God, a lot like my mom was pretty raised. She was raised, pretty, you know, which causes of stories. I'm like, Well, you know, but I guess that's the way it was back in the day, but
Michelle Espinoza: You know, I haven't talked to her now, which is probably wondering what's going on.
Michelle Espinoza: But that's it. You know, that's all that's going on right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a lot.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, I'm just tired.
Michelle Espinoza: That's Mr butters is is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So pay attention to hope hungry angry lonely tired. Right. Make sure that you're putting food in your body. Yes, as much as you can.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You find yourself when you find yourself stressing out about what's going to happen you know for Easter and birthdays. Again, put your mind in a resolution state find options that you guys can still get together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That will work for you, right, and know that you have your greeting and that you have two things that you're grieving to people that you're grieving, you know, your, your dad and your cousin that you know that you just lost. So you've got to be kind to yourself.
Michelle Espinoza: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Rest.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Today,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But so your plan is for the rest of the day.
Michelle Espinoza: Um, well, I was going to take enough and then probably go see my mom, I could go see my mom. Other than that, I just usually stay home. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. Those are good options go visit your mom.
Michelle Espinoza: I don't go anywhere. I don't
Michelle Espinoza: You know, probably talked to my grandkids in a while.
Michelle Espinoza: But I definitely want to take a nap, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's the main thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, not sleeping is not good, it can, it makes things 10 times worse. Oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know your body can't, it's draining. You know, completely draining. And what happens is your immune system goes down.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you you know when I
Michelle Espinoza: Have been eating yesterday, even if it's a couple of crackers. But no, you should actually ate a
Michelle Espinoza: Castle via my nephew made me so yeah
Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, what are you going to eat today.
Michelle Espinoza: Um, I don't know. Yeah, I really haven't decided, I'm not too much of a breakfast person so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Even if it's a couple crackers, even if it's a piece of toast.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Even if it's a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know about you, but I love tortillas on the stove, where you
Michelle Espinoza: Cook it right on the burner.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I get burnt.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And then I put peanut butter on it.
Yet, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Even if it's something you know that simple. Just get some some nutrients in your body so your body can fuel up and rest up
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's something simple. Michelle, so that your body has something to feed off of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK.
OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And see mama.
Yeah.
Michelle Espinoza: Definitely going to do that today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just be kind.
Michelle Espinoza: Okay.
Michelle Espinoza: I really appreciate your help, you know, everything you told me I take it in.
Michelle Espinoza: Try to do as much as, as you say, you know, it's really helped me a lot or can actually say,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know. Thank you. Glad that I'm able to be your boy, you know,
Welcome
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Important
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so I'll let you go. So you can rest.
Michelle Espinoza: Okay.
See you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh yeah, I'll be there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Michelle Espinoza: Okay, thank you very much. I really appreciate anything
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Call back in. OK.
Michelle Espinoza: I will, I will.
Michelle Espinoza: Okay, I almost did yesterday, but I just waited up, but I really appreciate your help. And we'll see you on Friday. Then
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, rest. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you, Michelle. Okay, I'll see you on Friday.
Michelle Espinoza: Okay, bye bye. Okay.
Bye.